ICU-21034 Progress in converting ICU4C Readme to markdown (#1340)
unicode-org/icu: docs/userguide/editing.md

See the [migration page](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1uK91cxv1amCrt75TBw1PlCC5wZhJH_w3dW_8unWL9EQ/edit)
for details and tips.

> This version of the ICU User Guide is genereated directly from the Markdown 

Author: Done.

create the pull request is to follow the "Edit this page on Github" link at
the bottom of the page and [use GitHub to edit the file](https://docs.github.com/en/github/managing-files-in-a-repository/editing-files-in-your-repository)
and create the new pull request.

After the source branch for a potential pull request is made, the changes can 
be previewed using the fork repository that contains the source branch.  The
fork repository must be [configured to serve GitHub Pages](https://docs.github.com/en/github/working-with-github-pages/configuring-a-publishing-source-for-your-github-pages-site#choosing-a-publishing-source)
from the branch and the Markdown pages root directory (`/docs`).  Note: there is a
latency of several minutes before GitHub Pages renders new changes, and 
[errors](https://docs.github.com/en/github/working-with-github-pages/about-jekyll-build-errors-for-github-pages-sites)
prevent the changes from being rendered.

## Jekyll Theme Configuration

Jekyll site-wide configurations are stored
in the `_config.yml` file. The current theme being used is
[Just the Docs](https://pmarsceill.github.io/just-the-docs/).

> Due to incompatibilities between the GitHub's built-in implementation of the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to incompatibilities between this theme and GitHub’s built-in implementation of the
```

Author: Done.  (Also, I can't tell for sure, but I think ASCII apostrophes and quotation marks in the content text are already being automatically converted in the desired curvy kind somehow.)

CommonMark Markdown parser, the default Jekyll Markdown parser, Kramdown, is
used.

### Document Structure

Major chapters have Introduction pages, and further sections in a chapter are
subpages of that main chapter page. The navigation bar is generated from the

> information provided in the headers section of the Markdown file according to 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
information provided in the header section of the Markdown file according to 
```

Author: Done.

the theme's [navigation annotations](https://pmarsceill.github.io/just-the-docs/docs/navigation-structure/).

### Syntax

> [Standard markdown](https://commonmark.org/) (CommonMark) should be preferred over custom

Reviewer: Should we link to Kramdown docs instead?

Author: Done.

HTML to create content wherever possible.

### Common Styles

Styles are provided by the theme's settings, which can be modified in `_config.yml`.

### Code

Use the markdown notation of [single backtick](https://spec.commonmark.org/0.29/#code-spans)
code spans (inline) and [triple backtick](https://spec.commonmark.org/0.29/#fenced-code-blocks)
fenced code blocks (multi-line).  

> #### Notes

Reviewer: keep the heading level

This was not meant to be "notes about code style", but a section about how to write the special "Note" style.

Author: Done.  And I also de-indented some of the headings so that they were not children of "Jekyll Theme Configuration" erroneously.

> *Endianness is not an issue on this level because the interpretation of an

Reviewer: Please document our standard notes style, and maybe change this to look like one. (I think that's what it was on the Site.)

https://docs.google.com/document/d/1uK91cxv1amCrt75TBw1PlCC5wZhJH_w3dW_8unWL9EQ/edit#heading=h.z6cycp7t9uuv
```
> :point_right: **Note**: that ICU for C by default comes with pre-built data ...
```

Author: Done.  I also added a similar section for TODOs, since it was also in the linked doc.

> *Endianness is not an issue on this level because the interpretation of an

Reviewer: In other words, this was/is not something noteworthy about code in the user guide, but it's an example of a "Note: blah..."

Author: Done.

integer is fixed within any given platform.*

> Unlike Github-flavored Markdown, in multi-line fenced code blocks, the programming

Reviewer: Move this to just above the "Notes" heading.

Author: Done.

setup details depend on gems (code packages), Bundler (dependency management for
execution), and the version of Ruby.

[rbenv](https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/documentation/installation/#rbenv) is one
of the few different ways to install and control the version of Ruby.  To 
install it and the required `ruby-build` plugin:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/rbenv/rbenv.git ~/.rbenv
cd ~/.rbenv && src/configure && make -C src # Optional but greatly speeds up certain operations
echo 'export PATH="$HOME/.rbenv/bin:$PATH"' >> ~/.bashrc
```
```bash
mkdir -p "$(rbenv root)"/plugins
git clone https://github.com/rbenv/ruby-build.git "$(rbenv root)"/plugins/ruby-build
```

To install specific Ruby version that GitHub Pages uses:
```bash
rbenv versions  # list all Ruby versions available
rbenv install <version-num>  # install GH Pages Ruby version
rbenv versions  # list all Ruby versions after installing
```

To activate the version of Ruby:
```bash
rbenv init  # OR:  eval "$(rbenv init -)"
rbenv shell <version-num>
```

To install [Bunder](https://bundler.io/):
```bash
gem install bundler
```

The simplest way to ensure that

> transitive dependency versions are included correctly to just specify the

Reviewer: This is not quite a sentence. Maybe insert "is" just before "to"?

Author: Done.
